<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Your name is Grace, you seem to be the only person who sees the irony in that, because of late, you've been wondering a lot.. where is the grace (God's) in your life?.. it is 4 am..You are sitting on the far left side of your marital bed..You are thinking.. something you didn't do so often (in the good old days, the old days are always good).. On the far right, lies the father of your two kids (you have three, two boys and a girl)..he doesn't know that your first born is not his, at least not yet, you wonder if that is why he is snoring (how can one snore if he is aware that one of his kids is not his kin,you ask yourself).<br><br>You look around your well furnished bedroom, it is exactly everything you've ever wanted apart from the partner you are sharing it with. Your thoughts run back in time (exactly eight years ago).. you were in a room that could pass for a murder scene..you hated it but not the person you were with.. in it..you could  live anywhere with him (just not in that excuse he called a house). It is in that room that you smoked your first blunt, it is in that room that the both of you drew plans for the future (you both knew they were never going to materialize but made them anyway)..in that room you experimented with all sorts of coital activity..the sort you wouldn't explain to a doctor in case you ever got injuries while at it..it was a room of many firsts..almost no day was like the one before it.. sometimes you were singing or so you thought (one day the two of you had a bitter exchange with your immediate neighbor, to date you still wonder why she got so worked up on that particular day..maybe she was on her period or hadn't seen one for that month (this is one of your favorite conclusions you jump to whenever you can't fathom why any female (apart from yourself) does what they do. She (the neighbor) said she didn't mind y'all singing or the song you were singing, she actually liked that Sauti Sol song  you thought you were singing and the fact that you knew all the lyrics (but not the shouting. She said you couldn't sing for shit,even if it were to save your own lives. She offered to pay your rent just for the two of you to relocate, you remember your partner in crime telling her to shove her money far up her ass.. she could go mop the lake and eat her nails while at it for all you cared..you were young,wild and in love.<br><br>You always knew that wouldn't last..Your friend was as stubborn as he was fun to be around..his philosophy was to "live in the now", move with the flow which you always interpreted as a life with no ambition. You wanted more from life, you wanted the Porsche things life could offer..your friend seemed to be fine with having no furniture in his room..this is not how you pictured your future,your life. You persuaded him to change, God knows you believed in him, he had the wits to make it in any field ..he was a man of so many talents none of which he wanted to work on.<br><br>You always brought up the fact that one day you would leave him..he always gave you the same response, "I will cry but will eventually get over it, for now let's be happy"..you hated him for being a smart ass and yourself..for knowing he was right.<br><br>One day, you left him, for a guy who had his life figured. Your family and friends (not your friend) approved of him. He had a decent job (ran his own company) and wanted to settle down and start family (you too wanted that), unlike your friend who wanted to live life before he brought life to life!. You got married, it was a flashy wedding that you had planned to the dot. You didn't enjoy it one bit, because you were tired, worried and two months pregnant with your friend's kid. It is why you had gotten married in a rush, your kid was never going to call your friend's room, home. You said yes and "I do"soon after  to the next best person who had for long asked for your hand in marriage. He was your boss at your first job..he was a nice guy to you and to your friends (he footed all their bills whenever they went out)
 Your friends found him funny, you thought his jokes were corny. You made a decision, you chose your kid's, family and friends' happiness over yours.<br>
<br>It was an easier bet, you told your self you would learn to love him eventually..eight years later you are thinking of killing him to inherit his money. 
You are a long way away from the room that looked like a murder scene.Now you are in a room that could be a murder scene soon!</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->